UI: stabilize dependencies and environment (#10517)
prometheus/prometheus: RELEASE.md

#### Updating React dependencies

The React application recently moved to a monorepo system with multiple internal npm packages. Dependency upgrades are
quite sensitive for the time being.

In case you want to update the ui dependencies, you can run the following command:

```bash
make update-npm-deps
```

> Once it is done, please verify that you still have one folder `node_modules` in the folder `web/ui`, and then run `make ui-build` to verify it's still working.

Reviewer: To clarify, is the purpose here to check that there's only *one* folder vs. multiple (in the subdirectories)?

Author: the verification is more here to check if the UI is still building. It's not related to the fact you could have multiple `node_modules`.

The check of having multiple `node_modules` folder is more here to be sure the UI environment is still clean.
Usually when you have multiple  `node_modules` that means you have a dependency used with different version in the different module. Which can lead to some weird behaviours.

Does it answer your questions ?

Reviewer: Hmmmm... then I think without further explanations, the first part of the sentence can be a bit confusing. How about:

```suggestion
Once this step completes, please verify that no additional `node_modules` directory was created in any of the module subdirectories (which could indicate conflicting dependency versions across modules). Then run `make ui-build` to verify that the build is still working.
```

Author: ah yeah far better.
Thanks @juliusv

> Note: in case you feel it, you can also upgrade the npm dependencies to their latest release (major or minor) with `make upgrade-npm-deps`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Once in a while, the npm dependencies should also be updated to their latest release versions (major or minor) with `make upgrade-npm-deps`, though this may be done at convenient times (e.g. by the UI maintainers) that are out-of-sync with Prometheus releases.
```
